Who developed python programming language ?
Ans.     The Python programming language is developed by Guido Van Rossum . 

Which type of Programming does Python support ?
Ans .    The programming language that Python support is Object-oriented, structured, and functional programming.

Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers ? 
Ans . 	Python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers is Yes .

      4.	What is the correct extension of the Python file ?
Ans .	The correct extension of the Python file is Py.

     5.	Is Python code compiled or interpreted ?
Ans.	Yes, Python code are compiled or interpreted.

    6.	Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language ?
Ans. 	The few blocks of code use to define in Python language are :- 
  i.   Key
  	ii.  Brackets
  	iii. Indentation
 	 iv.  None of these

7.	State a character used to give single-line comments in Python ?
Ans.	The single line comment are use in Python character are Numero sign(#).

8.	Mention funtions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently        working on ?
Ans.	The Python version are currently find the working is :- 
 ($)  Windows Press Win+R Type Powershell press Ok or Enter.

9.	Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called ________________
Ans. 	Lambda. 

10. 	What does pip stand for python ?
Ans.	The pip stand for python is Pip Installs Packages.

11.	Mention a few built-in functions in python ?
Ans. 	The few built-in Functions in Python are :- 
                 > Introduction to Built-in Functions in Python Functions are the set of lines of code that         work and behave together under a name. Built-in functions are the ones whose functionality is predefined. ... 
                > abs () This function takes the input of a number and gives the absolute value of it. ....
                > all () ...
                > any () ...
                > ascii () …

12 . 	What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python ?
Ans.	The maximum possible length of an identifier in Python in 79 characters.

13.	What are the benefits of using Python ?
Ans.	The benefits of using Python # Ease of use and read.

14.	How is memory managed in Python ?
Ans.	The memory managed in Python Private Heap Space.

15.	How to install Python on Windows and set path variables ?
Ans.	You can easily add Python to Windows path by downloading a recent version of Python, and then checking the box to Add Python to PATH at the bottom of the setup screen: Add Python to PATH Finish the installation, and you should be good to go. Alternatively, you may manually add the paths into the Environment variables.

16.	Is indentation required in Python ?
Ans.	Yes, is indetation required in Python.







